Redis Programmability Documentation (#1725)
redis/redis-doc: topics/lua.md

# Lua API for Redis Scripts

Redis comes with 2 approaches to programability:

* [Redis Functions](/topics/function) (available on Redis 7 and above)
* [Redis Eval Scripts](/topics/evalintro)

> Both approaches allows writing the scripts in [Lua](https://www.lua.org/).
> Here we will describe the Lua API spacifications provided by Redis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both approaches allow writing scripts in [Lua](https://www.lua.org/).
Here we will specify the Lua API provided by Redis.
```
